{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\tab\tab\tab\tab\ul\fs44 Sports\par
\ulnone\fs22\par
1.Who becomes the first cricketer who has hit the six sixes in an over in One Day Internation (50-50) cricket?\par
1.Kieron Pollard\par
2.Yuvraj Singh\par
3.\ul Herschelle Gibs\ulnone\par
4.Viv Richards\par
\par
2.FIFA is the global regulatory body of which sports-\par
a)Hockey\par
b)\ul Football\ulnone\par
c)Cricket\par
d)Tennis\par
\par
3.Dronacharya Award is given to which field?\par
 A.Literature\par
  \ul B.Sports\ulnone\par
 C.Education\par
 D.Music\par
\par
4.Who was the highest run scorer in World Cup 2023?\par
\ul (a) Virat Kohli\ulnone\par
(b) Quinton de Kock\par
(c) Rohit Sharma\par
(d) Rachin Ravindra\ul\par
\ulnone\par
5. In soccer, how many players are on the field from each team during a match?\par
a) 8\par
b) 10\par
c\ul ) 11\par
\ulnone d)7\par
\par
6.Which country conducted the 2021 Olympic Games?\par
\ul A. Japan \ulnone\par
B. China\par
 C. United States\par
 D. Russia\par
\par
7.In which year, India won its first Cricket World Cup Championship title?\par
[A] 1981\par
[B] 1982\par
\ul [C] 1983\par
\ulnone [D] 1984\par
\par
8.How many players are there on each team in a standard Kabaddi match?\par
a) 5\par
b) 6\par
\ul c) 7\par
\ulnone d)8\ul\par
\ulnone 9.Neeraj Chopra win the first ever olympic gold medal for India in which of the following sports\par
1)400 m hurdles\par
\ul 2)Javelin Throw\par
\ulnone 3)High Jump\par
4)Long Jump\par
\par
10.- How many players are on the court for each team in a standard basketball game?\par
\ul a) 5\ulnone\par
b) 6\par
c) 7\par
d)4\par
\par
11) In 1988,who became the first Grandmaster of India?\line\ul a)Viswanathan Anand\ulnone\par
b)Dibyendu Barua\par
c)Praveen Thipsay\par
d)Chanda Sandipan\par
\par
12) Which symbol represents the Olympic Games?\par
a) Torch\par
\ul b) Rings\ulnone\par
c) Laurel wreath\par
d) Ribbon\par
\par
13) The \lquote  King is helpless\rquote  basically holds a Persian meaning of the term \par
\ul a )Checkmate\ulnone\par
 b ) Draw\par
c ) Took                                   \par
 d )  Blunder\par
\par
14)How many medals did India won in Tokyo Olympics 2020?\par
a)5\par
b)6\par
\ul c)7\par
\ulnone d)8\par
15)Which nation finished with the most number of medals in the Tokyo Olympics?\par
a)\ul United States of America (USA)\par
\ulnone b)China\par
c)Japan\par
d)Australia\par
\par
 16)Which of these Badminton players became 1st Indian to win a gold medal in Badminton World Championship?\par
[A] \ul PV Sindhu\ulnone\par
[B] Saina Nehwal\par
[C] Srikanth Kidambi\par
[D] Parupalli Kashyap\par
\par
17)Ranji Trophy is associated with which of the following sports?\par
\ul [A] Cricket\ulnone\par
[B] Hockey\par
[C] Footall\par
[D] Tennis\par
18)Who is the first Indian woman to win an Asian Games gold in 400m run?\par
[A] M.L. Valsamma\par
\ul [B] P.T. Usha\ulnone\par
[C] K.Malleshwari\par
[D] Kamaljit Sandhu\par
19.In Hockey, the bat looks like by which alphabet letter?\par
a)H\par
b)C\par
\ul c)J\ulnone\par
d)l\par
20.In volley ball, when performing a set, you should make contact with your:\par
\ul A.Fingertips\ulnone\par
B.Palms\par
C.Forearms\par
D.Head\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\ul\fs44 Current Affairs\par
\ulnone\fs22 1)Which team won the inaugural ICC Women's Under-19 T20 World Cup title?\par
a)India\par
b)England\par
c)Australia\par
d)NewZealand\par
\par
2) Which of the following glands/organs in human body secretes bile juice?\par
(A) Pancreas\par
\ul (B) Liver\ulnone\par
(C) Pituitary\par
(D) Pineal\par
\par
3) Which country assisted India to establish the KoodanKulam Nuclear Power Station in Tamil Nadu? \par
\ul (A) Russia\par
\ulnone (B) Canada\par
(C) Germany\par
(D) France\par
\par
4)Which scale is used to measure the intensity of earthquake?\par
\ul (A) Richter\ulnone\par
(B) Metric\par
(C) Centigrade\par
(D) Newton\par
\par
5)The unit of which quantity is taken from Ohm's law?\par
(A) electric current\par
\ul (B) resistance\ulnone\par
(C) of potential difference\par
(D) electric capacitance\par
\par
6)What is the unit of Volt?\par
(A) electric current\par
(B) resistance\par
\ul (C) of potential difference\par
\ulnone (D) of specific resistance\par
\par
7) Penicillin was invented by?\par
\ul (A) Alexander Fleming\ulnone\par
(B) Harvard\par
(C) Hanson\par
(D) Robert Koch\par
\par
8)What is the unit of light year?\par
(A) time\par
(B) intensity of light\par
\ul (C) distance\par
\ulnone (D) none of these\par
\par
9)America was discovered by?\par
(A) Vasco da Gama\par
\ul (B) Columbus\ulnone\par
(C) Marconi\par
(D) none of these\par
\par
10)What is the unit of power?\par
(A) Newton\par
\ul (B) Watt\ulnone\par
(C) Joule\par
(D) none of these\par
\par
11)Which of the following scientist discovered the principles of heredity?\par
(A) Darwin\par
\ul (B) Mendel\ulnone\par
(C) DeVries\par
(D) Lamarck\par
\par
12)Smallpox vaccine was invented by?\par
(A) Priestley\par
(B) Ruffetin\par
\ul (C) Edward Jenner\par
\ulnone (D) Lloyd\par
\par
13)Who invented the bulb?\par
(A) Rutherford\par
(B) Fleming\par
\ul (C) Edison\ulnone\par
(D) Ohm\par
\par
14)The density of milk can be measured by?\par
(A) Butyrometer\par
(B) Thermometer\par
(C) Hydrometer\par
\ul (D) Lactometer \par
\par
\ulnone 15) The sky appears blue due to its?\par
(A) Refraction of Light\par
(B) Reflection of Light\par
\ul (C) Scattering of Light\ulnone\par
(D) Diffraction of Light\par
\par
16)The major component of Honey is?\par
\ul (A) Fructose\ulnone\par
(B) Sucrose\par
(C) Glucose\par
(D) Maltose\par
\par
17) The velocity of sound is minimum in?\par
(A) Air\par
(B) Iron\par
\ul (C) Vacuum\par
\ulnone (D) Water\par
\par
18)Telephone was invented by\par
\ul (A) Alexander Graham Bell\ulnone\par
(B) J.L. Baird\par
(C) Stevenson\par
(D) Newton\par
\par
19)What is 100 Million equal to? \par
(A) 10 Lakhs\par
(B) 100 Lakhs\par
\ul (C) 10 Crores\par
\ulnone (D) 100 Crores\par
\par
20) What is the shape of the Earth? \par
(A) Perfect hemisphere\par
(B) Mostly flat\par
(C) Perfect Sphere\par
\ul (D) Oblate Sphere\par
\par
\ulnone\fs44\tab\tab\tab\ul HISTORY\par
\ulnone\fs22 1.Which company was formed by the British in India in the year 1600?\par
(A) India East Company\par
\ul (B) East India Company\ulnone\par
(C) West India Company\par
(D) British Company\par
\par
2)Write the name of the first President of India.\par
(A) Dr. Rajendra Prasad\par
(B) Dr. B. N. Rao\par
\ul (C) Dr. B R Ambedkar\ulnone\par
(D) None of these\par
\par
3.Who is considered the creator of the Constitution of India?\par
(A) Mahatma Gandhi\par
\ul (B) B.R. Ambedkar\ulnone\par
(C) Jawaharlal Nehru\par
(D) BN Rao\par
\par
4. Who among the following constructed the Brihadeeswarar temple at Tanjore ? \par
(A) Rajendra I\par
\ul (B) Raja Raja Chola I\ulnone\par
(C) Parantaka Chola I\par
(D) None of them\par
\par
5.The Tamil word to describe the heads of the three ruling families of Cholas, Cheras and Pandyas is.\par
(A) Dakshinapatha\par
(B) Maha-mandaleshwara\par
(C) Rajarajadeva\par
\ul (D) Muvendar\par
\par
\ulnone 6)To which country V O C Swadeshi Company operates shipping from Tuticorin?\par
a)Mauritius\par
b)Singapore\par
\ul c)Srilanka\ulnone\par
d)Malaysia\par
\par
7)Assembly Constituencies are _____in the state ?\par
a) 231\par
b) 235\par
c) 230\par
\ul d) 234\par
\par
\ulnone 8)Which district has the largest population in Tamil Nadu ?\par
a) Dindigul\par
b) Cuddalore\par
c) Salem\par
\ul d) Chennai\par
\par
\ulnone 9)Meenakshi Amman temple is located in the bank of the river ?\par
\ul a) Vaigai River\par
\ulnone b) Noyyal River\par
c) Palar River\par
d) Kaveri River\par
\par
10)Who was the Chief Minister with the longest tenure without intervening President\rquote s rules in Tamil Nadu?\par
a) K. Palaniswami\par
b) J.Jayalalithaa\par
\ul c) K. Kamaraj\ulnone\par
d) None of these\par
\par
11)\ul              \ulnone is the second largest software producer in the state, next to Chennai.\par
a) Coimbatore\par
b) Villupuram\par
c) Erode\par
d) Salem\par
\par
12) What is the Motto of the State(TamilNadu) ?\par
\ul a) Truth alone Triumph\ulnone\par
b) All for Our Country\par
c) In God we trust\par
d) Live free or die\par
\par
13) Mudumalai National Park is located in which district ?\par
\ul a) Nilgiri\ulnone\par
b) Villupuram\par
c) Erode\par
d) Salem\par
\par
14)Dr. APJ. Abdul Kalam, ____ President of India was born and raised in Tamil Nadu.\par
\ul a) 11th\ulnone\par
b) 12th\par
c) 13th\par
d) 14th\par
\par
15)The Great Indian Mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan was born in which district of Tamil Nadu.\par
a) Salem\par
b) Coimbatore\par
c) Villupuram\par
\ul d) Erode\par
\par
\ulnone 16) _______ is the first Indian Language to attain Classical Language Status?\par
\ul a) Tamil\ulnone\par
b) Hindi\par
c) Urdu\par
d) None of these\par
\par
`17)The State animal of Tamil Nadu?\par
a) Nilgiri langur\ul\par
b) Nilgiri tahr\par
\ulnone c) Neelakurinji\par
d) None of these\par
\par
18)Which City is known as the "Rice Bowl" of Tamil Nadu ?\par
a Chennai\par
b Tuticorin\par
\ul c Thanjavur\ulnone\par
d Ennore\par
\par
19)In which of the famous temple of Tamil Nadu, Shiva is worshipped as \ldblquote Natraja\rdblquote ?\par
a Madurai\par
b Tanjore\par
\ul c Chidambaram\ulnone\par
d None of the above\par
\par
20)Which among the following is the most important work of Tamil Literature of Sangam Period (sometimes also referred as Bible of the Tamil land)?\par
\ul a Thirukkural\par
\ulnone b Purananuru\par
c Malaipatukatam\par
d None of the above\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\ul\i\fs44 ZOOLOGY\par
\ulnone\i0\fs22 1. What is the largest organ in the human body?\par
   - a) Heart\par
   - b) Liver\par
   - c) Skin\par
   - d) Lungs\par
   Correct Answer: c) Skin\par
\par
2. How many bones are there in the adult human body?\par
   - a) 206\par
   - b) 106\par
   - c) 306\par
   - d) 156\par
   - *Correct Answer: a) 206*\par
\par
3. Which part of the brain is responsible for controlling basic bodily functions like breathing and heartbeat?\par
   - a) Cerebellum\par
   - b) Medulla oblongata\par
   - c) Hippocampus\par
   - d) Thalamus\par
   Correct Answer: b) Medulla oblongata\par
\par
4. What is the powerhouse of the cell?\par
   - a) Nucleus\par
   - b) Mitochondria\par
   - c) Endoplasmic reticulum\par
   - d) Golgi apparatus\par
   Correct Answer: b) Mitochondria\par
\par
5. Which blood type is known as the universal donor?\par
   - a) A\par
   - b) B\par
   - c) AB\par
   - d) O\par
   Correct Answer: d) O\par
\par
6.What is the purpose of the respiratory system in the human body?\par
   - a) Pump blood\par
   - b) Control body temperature\par
   - c) Exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide\par
   - d) Digest food\par
   Correct Answer: c) Exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide\par
\par
7. Which organ is responsible for filtering waste from the blood and producing urine?\par
   - a) Liver\par
   - b) Kidneys\par
   - c) Lungs\par
   - d) Stomach\par
   Correct Answer: b) Kidneys\par
\par
8. What is the function of red blood cells in the body?\par
   - a) Carry oxygen\par
   - b) Fight infections\par
   - c) Digest food\par
   - d) Produce hormones\par
   Correct Answer: a) Carry oxygen\par
\par
9. Which part of the eye is responsible for controlling the amount of light entering the eye?\par
   - a) Retina\par
   - b) Lens\par
   - c) Cornea\par
   - d) Iris\par
   Correct Answer: d) Iris\par
\par
10. What is the purpose of the digestive system?\par
    - a) Pump blood\par
    - b) Exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide\par
    - c) Break down and absorb nutrients from food\par
    - d) Filter waste from the blood\par
    Correct Answer: c) Break down and absorb nutrients from food\par
\par
11. Which joint allows for the movement of the head up and down?\par
    - a) Ball and socket joint\par
    - b) Pivot joint\par
    - c) Hinge joint\par
    - d) Gliding joint\par
    Correct Answer: b) Pivot joint\par
\par
12. What is the primary function of the pancreas in the digestive system?\par
    - a) Produce insulin\par
    - b) Produce bile\par
    - c) Digest food\par
    - d) Absorb nutrients\par
    - *Correct Answer: a) Produce insulin\par
\par
13. Where are taste buds located?\par
    - a) Nose\par
    - b) Eyes\par
    - c) Tongue\par
    - d) Ears\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Tongue\par
\par
14. Which part of the ear is responsible for maintaining balance?\par
    - a) Outer ear\par
    - b) Middle ear\par
    - c) Inner ear\par
    - d) Eardrum\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Inner ear*\par
\par
15. What is the function of the muscular system in the body?\par
    - a) Pump blood\par
    - b) Control body temperature\par
    - c) Provide movement\par
    - d) Exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Provide movement*\par
\par
16. Which vitamin is essential for the formation of healthy bones and teeth?\par
    - a) Vitamin A\par
    - b) Vitamin C\par
    - c) Vitamin D\par
    - d) Vitamin E\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Vitamin D\par
\par
17. *What is the purpose of the circulatory system in the human body?\par
    - a) Break down food\par
    - b) Pump blood\par
    - c) Exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide\par
    - d) Filter waste from the blood\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Pump blood*\par
\par
18. *Which hormone is known as the "stress hormone"?*\par
    - a) Insulin\par
    - b) Estrogen\par
    - c) Cortisol\par
    - d) Testosterone\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Cortisol*\par
\par
19.What is the function of the white blood cells in the immune system?\par
    - a) Carry oxygen\par
    - b) Fight infections\par
    - c) Digest food\par
    - d) Produce hormones\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Fight infections*\par
\par
20.Which organ is responsible for producing insulin?\par
    - a) Liver\par
    - b) Pancreas\par
    - c) Kidneys\par
    - d) Stomach\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Pancreas*\par
\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\ul\fs44 ANIMALS\par
\ulnone\fs22 1. What is the study of animals called?\par
   - a) Botany\par
   - b) Zoology\par
   - c) Entomology\par
   - d) Ecology\par
   - *Correct Answer: b) Zoology*\par
\par
2. *Which class do frogs belong to?*\par
   - a) Reptilia\par
   - b) Amphibia\par
   - c) Aves\par
   - d) Mammalia\par
   - *Correct Answer: b) Amphibia*\par
\par
3. *Which mammal can fly?*\par
   - a) Bat\par
   - b) Mouse\par
   - c) Rabbit\par
   - d) Elephant\par
   - *Correct Answer: a) Bat*\par
\par
4. What is the largest mammal on Earth?\par
   - a) Elephant\par
   - b) Giraffe\par
   - c) Blue whale\par
   - d) Hippopotamus\par
   - *Correct Answer: c) Blue whale*\par
\par
5. *What do carnivores eat?*\par
   - a) Plants\par
   - b) Meat\par
   - c) Insects\par
   - d) Both plants and meat\par
   - *Correct Answer: b) Meat*\par
\par
6. *Which animal is known for its ability to change color to blend with its surroundings?*\par
   - a) Chameleon\par
   - b) Kangaroo\par
   - c) Cheetah\par
   - d) Elephant\par
   - *Correct Answer: a) Chameleon*\par
\par
7. *What is the largest bird in the world?*\par
   - a) Eagle\par
   - b) Ostrich\par
   - c) Penguin\par
   - d) Flamingo\par
   - *Correct Answer: b) Ostrich*\par
\par
8. *Which insect is known for its ability to produce light?*\par
   - a) Bee\par
   - b) Firefly\par
   - c) Ant\par
   - d) Dragonfly\par
   - *Correct Answer: b) Firefly*\par
\par
9. *Which group of animals includes snakes, lizards, and turtles?*\par
   - a) Mammals\par
   - b) Reptiles\par
   - c) Amphibians\par
   - d) Birds\par
   - *Correct Answer: b) Reptiles*\par
\par
10. *What is the primary diet of herbivores?*\par
    - a) Meat\par
    - b) Insects\par
    - c) Plants\par
    - d) Both meat and plants\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Plants*\par
\par
11. *Which animal is known for its hibernation during winter?*\par
    - a) Snake\par
    - b) Bear\par
    - c) Monkey\par
    - d) Elephant\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Bear*\par
\par
12. *What is the function of a bird's beak?*\par
    - a) Hearing\par
    - b) Smelling\par
    - c) Eating\par
    - d) Breathing\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Eating*\par
\par
13. *Which animal is cold-blooded and lays eggs?*\par
    - a) Dolphin\par
    - b) Crocodile\par
    - c) Whale\par
    - d) Seal\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Crocodile*\par
\par
14. *What is the purpose of an animal's tail?*\par
    - a) Balance\par
    - b) Hearing\par
    - c) Smelling\par
    - d) Seeing\par
    - *Correct Answer: a) Balance*\par
\par
15. *Which insect is known for its ability to produce silk?*\par
    - a) Ant\par
    - b) Bee\par
    - c) Spider\par
    - d) Butterfly\par
    - *Correct Answer: c) Spider*\par
\par
16. Plants are _____________ as they produce their own food.\par
a) living organisms\par
b) mammals\par
\ul c) autotrophs\par
\ulnone d) green in colour\par
\par
17. *Which mammal is known for its long neck?*\par
    - a) Elephant\par
    - b) Giraffe\par
    - c) Rhino\par
    - d) Hippopotamus\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Giraffe*\par
\par
18. *What is the primary purpose of an animal's fur or feathers?*\par
    - a) Flight\par
    - b) Protection\par
    - c) Hearing\par
    - d) Breathing\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Protection*\par
\par
19. *Which group of animals includes spiders, scorpions, and ticks?*\par
    - a) Insects\par
    - b) Arachnids\par
    - c) Crustaceans\par
    - d) Myriapods\par
    - *Correct Answer: b) Arachnids*\par
\par
20. *What is the main function of an animal's antennae?*\par
    - a) Smelling\par
    - b) Hearing\par
    - c) Seeing\par
    - d) Tasting\par
    - *Correct Answer: d) Tasting*\ul\fs44\par
}
 